Reworded/Simplified intro to add clarity to the intent. (#932)
googleapis/aip: aip/general/0193.md

# Errors

Effective error communication is an important part of designing simple and
intuitive APIs. Services returning standardized error responses enable API
clients to construct centralized common error handling logic. This common logic

> simplifies API client appications and eliminates the need for hard to maintain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
simplifies API client appications and eliminates the need for cumbersome
```
